---
layout: post
title: I Gave a Presentation!
---

Last week, I had the wonderful opportunity to give a presentation to Iowa
State's Information Assurance Student Group (IASG). Months ago, when I was
meeting with the other IASG cabinet members to decide what we'd all present on,
I floated the idea that I could present on physical security. After all, it's
something that I'm very interested in, I enjoy exposing other people to this
information, and it's something that just *does not* come up in our university's
security curriculum. I was given the green light to talk about physical
security, though of course that's like signing up to give a presentation on
"math" or "computers". It's a big world, and I wasn't sure what I wanted to
focus on. In the end, I decided not to focus on anything for the whole talk,
instead running through a handful of topics, concepts, and tools that I
personally think are really cool. My hope was to just get a few members of the
audience interested enough that they'd go home and research some more of these
cool ideas on their own, and based off of the feedback I've received since
giving the talk I'd say I was successful. 

With no further ado, [here's a link to my
slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/159ExtuUuHnfHGvW-_3Pn5VJ9x1EMqkeLDqxz-p7TjWk/edit?usp=sharing)
and [here's the link to the video of the
presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyjLZvCFBqc). You can also click
the below thumbnail to view the presentation on YouTube. 

[![Jack Potter - IASG 12FEB2019 - Physical
Security](/images/PhysSecThumbnail.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyjLZvCFBqc
"Jack Potter - IASG 12FEB2019 - Physical Security")

(Also, major shoutout to [Deviant Ollam](https://twitter.com/deviantollam) for
being a major inspiration for me and a source of media for my slides.)
